hello everyone and welcome to simple
recipes today I'm going to do a recipe
requested by Dogma and this one is one
of my favorite baked chicken recipes
it's a soy and ginger baked chicken with
a puree of cauliflower and a few green
beans trying on top and it is so easy I
think you'll really really like this one
so let's get on with it the first thing
we're going to do is marinate some
chicken and I've got a couple of chicken
thighs some legs and some wings and
we're just going to add a tablespoon of
orange juice to that tablespoon of lime
juice heat spoon of honey and a couple
of tablespoons of soy sauce a couple of
tablespoons of olive oil and of course
our ginger which has been grated and
I've got a crushed garlic it and pinch
of salt and some pepper okay so now I'm
just going to mix this all through and
if you can do this a half an hour so
beer but if you can do it well before
that like a day before that's great a
couple of hours before is okay as well
so well I'm just we're just going to
leave this to marinate so we're ready
now to put the chicken in the oven and I
on an oil tray I'm just going to put the
chicken skin side down on the tray and
we're going to have the
it put into an oven at 180 for about
half an hour and then that and then 15
minutes at about 220 and this will give
the last 15 minutes will give that
crispy skin effect and about halfway
through the marinating baking stage
we're going to marinate the chicken with
this marinate again so it's just stick
this in the oven alright now we get on
to the cauliflower puree and I'm just
going to add some butter to your pan I'm
just gonna throw in a clove of garlic
and I'm gonna stir that around for a
couple of seconds and some fresh thyme
and then quickly going to add ow
we're just gonna cut the cauliflower
angry with the butter and the thyme and
the garlic mixture I'm just going to add
some pepper and salt and I've just
chopped this cauliflower into small
florets as you can see and this this is
just doing it this way it's just going
to the cauliflower is gonna infuse with
the the garlic and the thyme and the
batter in there and I'll just there a
half a teaspoon of salt and
freshly ground peper
for about 200 mils in there and just
before it's finished cooking when this
goes soft I'll add just a bit of sour
cream I'll get that and bring that up to
a simmer and let that simmer for about
five minutes until the cauliflower is
soft nice and soft I'll just put the lid
on and we'll come back in five minutes
and that should be done so and that will
just crisp and up those outside skins
they've got a nice crispy chicken so we
just put the rest of that marinade on
for another 15 minutes so let's have a
look at our cauliflower that looks just
about right it's nice and soft we're
just gonna add our sour cream we've got
a two tablespoons of sour cream I'm just
gonna mix that through and we're just
going to blend that you can do that in a
food processor a stick blender so that
colourfully I took about seven minutes
to cook and go soft like that so we're
now going to blend this cauliflower
puree up so that's been blending for
about a minute and a half two minutes
and that's really beautifully smooth
consistency and that's just delicious
cauliflower puree I'm just gonna put our
beautiful smooth creamy cauliflower
puree and then we're just gonna add
our beautiful soy and honey roasted
baked chicken and some beautiful green
beans on the side and there we have a
wonderful honey and soy roasted chicken
on a creamy cauliflower puree and some
nice freshly steamed green snake beans
so that's it for me and I'm going to get
stuck into this so I'll see you next
time on simple recipes